    A new a resolution to the world's drug epidemic is the idea of a “supervised injection site” where heroin users can abuse their choice of drug with access to clean needles and medical specialists to “supervise.” This type of establishment is said to reduce the amount of drug overdoses, keep junkies off the streets, and prevent the spread of disease. While the aforementioned benefits are correct to a degree, does the good really outweigh the damage these types of places cause? No. Supervised injection sites should not be a considerable solution to today's drug problem.
        In a perfect world, the medical staff would be successful and monitor the amount of heroin the addicts inject into their bloodstream and prevent them from an overdose. However, even then how is that saving the users from the prolonged effects this drug has on them? The National Institute on Drug Abuse has an article called, “What are the Long-Term Effects of Heroin Use?” that clearly states, “Repeated heroin use changes the physical structure and physiology of the brain, creating long-term imbalances in neuronal and hormonal systems that are not easily reversed.” Furthermore, that instance is only in a perfect world. In the real world, addicts do not stop when one tells them “no.”
       Enabling addictive behavior is not an efficient way of dispelling it. Enabling an addict makes the situation easier on the enabler due to the lack of conflict. Enabling an addict does not help the addict themselves and that is exactly what these establishments are doing. What about the curious teens that have tried the drug once but were too scared to do it again? These supervised injection sites make heroin use seem safe, when that is simply not the case. Sure, there may be fewer addicts shooting up on the streets or fewer people dying, but the fear is gone as well. The worst thing to do is desensitize the public to the problem. 
       Supervised Injection Sites are also funded by the government, where highly paid medical professionals are staffed. What is the main source of government income? Taxes. I don't want to fund an establishment that enables a "disease" that takes parents away from their children. It does not make sense to have rehabilitation cost so much and fund an organization like this. I would rather my money not go towards covering up a problem instead of truly solving it.  
       These injection sites will become obsolete as a user's addiction grows (as addictions inevitably do) and they are no longer "high functioning." When the addict wants more and, the medical specialist tells them no, they will stop coming. This phenomenon goes back to the example I made about teenagers feeling as if this is a safe way to try heroin. As soon as they feel they are experienced enough they can use it on their own. 
     Many people argue that the supervised injection sites are functioning rather well in Vancouver.  “[Supervised injection sites] help prevent people from transmitting infectious diseases. They encourage marginalized people to access health care services, including primary care and addiction treatment. They bring stability to the community by improving public order and reducing the number of injections taking place on the street "  (Vancouver Coastal Health, Supervised Injection Sites).  However, North America has multiple NSP programs that allow easy and free access to clean needles from any emergency vehicle or health clinic. Taxpayer money should not go to the encouragement of addiction treatment when the establishment is simultaneously encouraging the addiction as well. Also, hiding the problem is not a solution. Especially when the addicts shoot up in private and hit the road high. 
       Although there is improvement in regards to the decrease in drug overdose related deaths, that is not all that factors into opening up places like supervised injection sites. Do we, as decent human beings, want to fund an establishment that enables drug use, desensitizes addiction to the public, and ultimately covers it up? Opening these sites up to an option of solution is just a reminder of how important humility is when conducting an experiment. Just because the result of a test was somewhat close to the goal one shoots for, does not make it the answer. 

Works Cited
"Supervised Injection Sites." Vancouver Coastal Health. N.p., n.d. Web.
"What Are the Long-term Effects of Heroin Use?" National Institute on Drug Abuse. N.p., n.d. Web.
